1. The content you write should be...

be simple to read and high in facts.

2. What are the cognitive issues? How to design for the people with cognitive issues?

- memory
- problem solving
- attention and focus
- literacy and reading
- visual comprehension
- verbal comprehension
- design for forgetfullness
- write the plain language
- provide predictability in your interface

3. What is the persona?

Every user wants something different from the website. 
Make sure you take into consideration attributes, values, goals, 
and concerns of the users while designing the interface.

4. Why the people use the web?

The people use the web to find the information. 
88% search, 11% direct. 

5. What causes the people to leave the sites?

Anything that stops visitors from finding the information they're looking for. 
Overcomplicated sites, overdistracting advertisements. Your visitors are 
looking for information. The content needs to make sense to them. 
You should speak clearly from the beginning. 

6. What should you structure the content?

You structure the content based on popularity, promotion, location, time, 
alphabetical order. What's the most important to users must be the most 
visible on the page. 

7. These days, if your content is below the fold (it doesn't display without scrolling), then it is unlikely that visitors will see it.

FALSE

8. How can you make sure that your site helps people quickly orient themselves and work out whether you have the information they want?

- Have a clear site tagline.
- Each page should use a descriptive page heading.
- Make sure your navigation is descriptive, either of items people can find on the site or tasks they can perform.

9. What is consistent design?

Having the same response whenever people perform an action.

10. What is standard design?

Using elements the same way that major sites do.
Supported by most browsers, familiar to your users.

11. What is simple design?

- clear headings, fonts, photos.
- images should help to understand your content.
- generic stock photos don't gibe your visitors any clues.
- advertisements should be relevant.

12. Standard design is preferable because

it is normally supported by standard web objects so you'll get better cross-browser capability, especially across mobile devices.

13. Why well-structured navigation is important?

10% of tasks fail due to navigation. 
- moving around the site
- understanding where they are

14. Why we should organize site maps differently then navigation?

Site maps are read by users if they can't find the option in the navbar. Make sure they are clear and differently structured than navs. 

15. What is Fitts' law?

It's faster to hit larger targets closer to you than smaller targets farther from you. 

16. Navigation is used for moving around the site and to help visitors understand where they are within the site.

TRUE

17. Which of the following is the best design rule that you can apply to menus?

Menus should be no longer than nine items.

18. When adding search to your site, _____ is generally the standard location for the search field.

the top right-hand corner of the page 

19. How to manage the flow of accessibility?

USER MUST BE ABLE TO USE KEYBOARD OVER THE MOUSE. PERIOD. HE CAN USE ALSO A MOUSE, BUT KEYBOARD IS THE KEY. 

Keyboard access must be properly designed. 

Design flow that goes from input form to buttons and then to search button. Why? User must be presented with options before clicking the button, especially blind users that don't see the form. 

20. How to create visual interactions?

Make sure there are multiple ways of finding out the same piece of information. 

21. What is proximity in design?

Pieces of information must be chunked appropriately and be placed together. 

22. What are the expectations?

Make sure that if something suggests it is a link, then it must be a link. Don't confuse the users. Buttons are buttons. Be careful for automatic JavaScript complete in the form - auto advancing field in the screen readers. It'a annoying for the people with the disabilities. 

23. What type of people's disabilities we need to consider while designing the interface?

- visual
- auditory
- mobility & dexterity
- cognitive

24. What are accessibility views?

- never autoplay the content on the website
- write good titles of the web
- use link
- use button
- use div and allow this div to be clickable

25. What is user research team?

Represents people with disabilities in interviews, talk-aloud sessions, focus groups, usabilitytesting, and focused accessibility testing. 

26. What is content strategist?

Works with people whp have disabilities to discover their thought processes and determine key clues to help them navigate and perform actions. 

27. What is information architect?

Knows the labels and terminology for the subject area. 

28. What is interaction designer?

Creates wireframes and prototypes, keeping those with disabilities in mind; specficies flows and sources order where needed. 

29. What is the perfect content?

Ask the people with disabilities what they need, and present the content in a right away. 

30. What does it mean designing for memory issues?

Out of sight, out of mind. Forms must be well-designed, inputs close to each other. Don't let the prompt to dissapear because you forget what to fill in --> placeholders are not the best way! Make sure you have a title above the input that never disappears. 

Date of birth (MM/DD/YYYY):
input field here...

31. What is the voice recognition software?

Voice recognition software - is used to convert spoken language into text by using speech recognition algorithms. It can be used by people with disabilitties, for in-car systems, in the military, and also by businesses for dictation, or to convert audio and video files into text. 

It is helpful with:
- dictation: write documents, compose emails, and fill in information.
- command and control: dragging files, switching programs, and clicking buttons.
